# Covid-19-Data-
For the Final Project, I will be using two datasets regarding COVID-19. I will answer three hypothesis/questions using these two datasets. Intially, I will be doing some exploratory data analysis to see how both of the datasets look before answering the questions/hypothesis. The first dataset is about the outbreak of COVID-19 in the United States. The first dataset was collected from : http://covidtracking.com/api/states/daily.csv. The dataset has rows and 27 columns. The data is 901.5 KB. The data provides us with the information as virus progresses through out the United States. The data consists of the following information:  date state positive negative pending hospitalizedCurrently hospitalizedCumulative inIcuCurrently inIcuCumulative onVentilatorCurrently onVentilatorCumulative recovered dataQualityGrade lastUpdateEt hash dateChecked death hospitalized total totalTestResults posNeg fips deathIncrease hospitalizedIncrease negativeIncrease positiveIncrease totalTestResultsIncrease  The second the dataset was collected from: https://covid.ourworldindata.org/data/ecdc/full_data.csv. The data provides us with the spread of the virus through out world. The dataset contains 6 columns and 18,554 rows. I used the following 6 columns to do my analysis:  date location new_cases new_deaths total_cases total_deaths  Hypothesis 1: Corona virus grew much faster in the NY than the country of Italy. Hypothesis 2: The state of NY has longer increasing rate of new cases than Italy. Hypothesis 3: Time frame is a very good indicator of the number of cases and death toll.
